About joy to the user who is
among other things to vigorous retirees the
yes five then play game of
throne is now a new trailer
there is now a new trailer for two
also published the
elsewhere than online, the
monthly subscription fees off that now
everything in those news so we come
again to a gta 5 news yes man
after a long time finally gta again
because the title is now pc
has been postponed again because of that
it actually nothing at the moment
new but now there is a new one very much
interesting video for a something
bigger youtube channel maybe that
one or the other of you the maetzig
react about three million subscribers
So its about
In any case, relatively well known and the
now has a very interesting video
order made or a very interesting
experiment with grand theft auto 5 and
some older people so with
the generation 60 plus over 60
Years old usually pretty critical
set against such games
and such games are likely
also have not played what
happens now if you then something
older people stop beyond
sixty years in the open world game
by grand theft by rockstar games grand
Theft Auto 5 just throw it and take it
the controller indicates that have the
in front of the channel within a video
The reactions are recorded
actually very interesting and it will
the very entertaining people sometimes
to watch her the first time through
los santos and through this huge
open world run and drive in the beginning
Of course you have to be one
bit with the control and the
but deal with gameplay
after that, it would actually happen
very interesting where to start at the beginning
at stop signs red traffic lights and so on
keep killing then afterwards to
example with a knife one
Passanten because it quote the far
is more personal means
I 'll be pretty cool like that too
watch how people change
afterwards one also saw or
found out that, of course, still
other weapons
for example, how rifles and then has
Just enter the law enforcement because
off with it and the whole thing
then resulted in hours of lasts
minutes of continuous fire and it is
really cool watching people like that
how something developed and
would be really fun
most had a lot of fun and have
also said that she yes so that's her
crime is his crime
Of course, they are not the real thing and they are
of course, also convict crime in the
real life and so but gta 5 would be in
no one kind of real violence
I really want to promote that and that's what I really want
cool
and yes that says really interesting
project and here I come
inevitably to the question where do we see
us in the 30 or 40 and 50 years we
will play again if you
because we have fun, we will be like that
be like our current generation in
the age or so I can not
Imagine that I play with or
youtube will ever stop what
your opinion you have the comments
there is new information about game of
thrones girlfriend taylor games so that
adventure of course because there was now
the first trailer to the second episode
released the lost lords and yes
there are also two pictures of the first pictures
telltale games will be added later
you can probably in the
background or watch the trailer in the
background or just the link
follow below the videos and you
Of course you should face some of them
spoilers that are included naturally
First of all the first episode is posh
have you already played then you can
of course you the trailer on each
case, look at it
the second episode is supposed to be released
by the way, early February for windows mac
p3 p4 on the third february one day
then later for xbox 360 and xbox want
and one day later on 15 february
then for ios android has already been on
In any case, I am looking forward to the beginning
February so we come to one
online roleplaying that people report
or
I report you just listen
where i h1n1 there was also an online
you can say that roleplaying like that
I am not so sure about everyone
case talk about the elder today
scrolls online because there are or are
now on march 17, 2015 the monthly
abolished fees that is the title
then go in the direction of yes to play
concept that means you have to or
should buy the title for money and
would have to cost no more
they do not measure monthly
continue to pay
but you can still pay and
for people anyway an abo anyway
At the moment , the slides were slipping
automatically enter +1 and have her
then have different advantages under
Other advertising for ingame shop
permanent access to all dlcs and
plus ten percent bonus
experience craftsmanship and progress
I have to read that inspiration now
because I'm not so with me
the game by the way know that very much
God online then would be the whole
concept is changed to new name
in other words , real gold
online también unlimited that on everyone
fall to an online roleplaying and
at this point somehow wants
interesting news from for example too
nintendo or online role playing or
Somehow I hardly play any news
Of course I always like to do that
comments and then maybe I will
sometimes a little wider
so that others play the games
not only interested in me but
you are also interested in it
to report
but that was the news poll that is
the weekend is in front of you
of course, as always, a beautiful one
Day
your opinion or suggestions or how
also always like and of the videos in the
comments and yes then would visit
I say either way depending Monday when
the next news came
so that is actually quads
shortness
quatchi quasi I am in switzerland
Come on